[TT-9735] Allow confidential fields to be set via k8s secrets (#103)
TykTechnologies/tyk-charts: tyk-oss/README.md

#### Mounting APIs, Policies, and Middlewares

By default, Gateway stores API configurations at `/mnt/tyk-gateway/apps` inside the Gateway container. There are a few challenges:
* Multiple gateways do not share app configs

> * The configuration is not persistent. It got lost whenever pod restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The configuration is not persistent. It will get lost whenever pod restarts.
```
